Add config directory (#149)
husarion/rosbot_ros: README.md

| ❌  | ✅  | `yaw`               | Initial robot 'yaw' orientation. <br/> **_float:_** `0.0`                                                                                                                                          |

> [!TIP]

> > To read the arguments for individual launch file by adding the `-s` flag to the `ros2 launch` command (e.g. `ros2 launch rosbot_bringup bringup.launch.py ​​-s`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> To read the arguments for individual launch files, add the `-s` flag to the `ros2 launch` command (e.g. `ros2 launch rosbot_bringup bringup.launch.py ​​-s`)
```
